kraken/plugin/api/Inventory.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Inventory
kraken/plugin/api/Bank.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Bank
kraken/plugin/api/AsyncData.java
 kraken.plugin.api.AsyncData
kraken/plugin/api/Stat.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Stat
kraken/plugin/api/ImGui.java
 kraken.plugin.api.ImGui
kraken/plugin/api/Dialogue.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Dialogue
 kraken.plugin.api.Dialogue$DialogueOption
kraken/plugin/api/Client.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Client
kraken/plugin/api/SceneObjects.java
 kraken.plugin.api.SceneObjects
kraken/plugin/api/Vector2.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Vector2
kraken/plugin/api/Text.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Text
kraken/plugin/api/Players.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Players
kraken/plugin/api/Input.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Input
kraken/plugin/api/KrakenRuntimeException.java
 kraken.plugin.api.KrakenRuntimeException
kraken/plugin/api/Entities.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Entities
kraken/plugin/api/WidgetGroup.java
 kraken.plugin.api.WidgetGroup
kraken/plugin/api/Npc.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Npc
kraken/plugin/api/Vector2i.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Vector2i
kraken/plugin/api/Effect.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Effect
kraken/plugin/api/Item.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Item
kraken/plugin/api/BadActionException.java
 kraken.plugin.api.BadActionException
kraken/plugin/api/ItemContainer.java
 kraken.plugin.api.ItemContainer
kraken/plugin/api/Npcs.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Npcs
kraken/plugin/api/Widget.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Widget
kraken/plugin/api/ManagedPlugin.java
 kraken.plugin.api.ManagedPlugin
 kraken.plugin.api.ManagedPlugin$PluginAction
kraken/plugin/api/Widgets.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Widgets
kraken/plugin/api/PluginContext.java
 kraken.plugin.api.PluginContext
kraken/plugin/api/NoOptionsException.java
 kraken.plugin.api.NoOptionsException
kraken/plugin/api/TraverseContext.java
 kraken.plugin.api.TraverseContext
kraken/plugin/api/Plugin.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Plugin
kraken/plugin/api/SceneObject.java
 kraken.plugin.api.SceneObject
kraken/plugin/api/ItemContainers.java
 kraken.plugin.api.ItemContainers
kraken/plugin/api/Spirit.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Spirit
kraken/plugin/api/CacheNpc.java
 kraken.plugin.api.CacheNpc
kraken/plugin/api/CacheObject.java
 kraken.plugin.api.CacheObject
kraken/plugin/api/Kraken.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Kraken
kraken/plugin/api/EquipmentSlot.java
 kraken.plugin.api.EquipmentSlot
kraken/plugin/api/Actions.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Actions
kraken/plugin/api/Debug.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Debug
kraken/plugin/api/Player.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Player
kraken/plugin/api/Cache.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Cache
 kraken.plugin.api.Cache$LockCallback
kraken/plugin/api/ConVar.java
 kraken.plugin.api.ConVar
kraken/plugin/api/Action1.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Action1
kraken/plugin/api/Effects.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Effects
kraken/plugin/api/Stream.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Stream
kraken/plugin/api/Filter.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Filter
kraken/plugin/api/WidgetItem.java
 kraken.plugin.api.WidgetItem
kraken/plugin/api/Move.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Move
kraken/plugin/api/Entity.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Entity
kraken/plugin/api/GroundItem.java
 kraken.plugin.api.GroundItem
kraken/plugin/api/Area2di.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Area2di
kraken/plugin/api/Time.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Time
kraken/plugin/api/CacheItem.java
 kraken.plugin.api.CacheItem
kraken/plugin/api/GroundItems.java
 kraken.plugin.api.GroundItems
kraken/plugin/api/Array.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Array
kraken/plugin/api/Vector3.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Vector3
kraken/plugin/api/Vector3i.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Vector3i
kraken/plugin/api/Random.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Random
kraken/plugin/api/Action.java
 kraken.plugin.api.Action
